do you guys normally I thought there was
in was a Thursday community call the the
the Thursday call has been internal at
this point for the sake of grooving does
that hug board obviously and now that
we're recording I will mention this as
well if anybody who is listening once to
get in on our our somewhat pragmatic
grooming call either Monday meeting or
violent issue and github totally
everybody's welcome it's just usually
it's just flat-out grooming at that
point you know and anything that the
communities all could benefit from we
save for this Monday meeting with that
in mind hello everybody good morning
welcome to the I confess documentation
task force
I'm teach and develop user experience
task force meeting today is Monday the
26th of August 20 19 my name is Jessica
and I am your planning Monday addled
host for today we have a smaller group
than usual because it is a British bank
holiday so those of us who are not on
this call I hope you are having a
wonderful day we will be as always
uploading this video it's probably going
to be a somewhat truncated meeting just
um because there are fewer of us here
and we spent most of the week sort of
all handling on one specific item which
we can talk through I'm gonna just go
through and highlight with things as I
speak to you then perhaps it's annoying
if it is let me know just don't wanna I
know we are in vacation season it is
August people go on holiday because it's
beautiful matter where you are in the
world if you do a lot of a keishon
please remember to unlock as much as you
can before you go on holiday we've all
been very very good about that but it's
just an ongoing reminder so part of that
season since three-quarters of the team
will be away next Monday I am proposing
that we cancel next Monday's meeting as
a result I can check in with Chris
wearing who may be holding down the fort
for us next Monday to see if he wants to
do it being that I think external
contributor presidents of the meeting is
fairly slim
you know we do have contributors hanging
out in the repos and we're chatting with
folks in that way I think we're probably
safe canceling next Monday's meeting but
I'll double-check with Chris unless
either of you have any reasons not to do
so cool all right so as usually with
this meeting we're just running through
the okay ours one by one content audit
frankly this hasn't changed since last
week the results work is being
deprioritized since we lost the team
member who is working on this work and
need to say that prints up on the hiring
effort and then this last week on the
quiz launch
I do have the audit document and intend
to sift through for the results
gathering in its next steps as soon as
possible
moving along to D Docs platform features
inventory again this is something that
we're adding on the rolling basis the
aim is wrap this up at the end a quarter
you were ranking exercise so that it can
duck tail pretty nicely with the actual
platform discussion that we've been
having as well so that's just being
added to in an incremental basis the
nice thing about the work that we're
doing what he knows it's just continuing
to expose needs for features that we
want to have on that platform Chris I
understand it just added this the docs
platform tech second framework I know
that he didn't get as much time as he
wanted to last week because we ended up
ramping up super super hard on the quiz
which we decided that we were going to
do some testing on early in the week and
big thanks to Eric for mobilizing in
that super quickly we got a lot of very
interesting conclusions out of that both
in terms of the quiz itself we didn't
have some changes made we did a lot of
really good things on that a second but
then also just on some of our overall
methodology for you access in general
suits it's been a very valuable exercise
I know that Chris intends to continue
working on the data source stuff when he
gets back on Wednesday again stop me if
I'm moving too quickly
um the recurring okay our item of hiring
our Doc's specials that is continuing um
Molly I know you've got some meeting
this week with some folks that I think
both of those people who are who are on
your book search folks that have been
spoken with with a bunch of people that
since you were away in Berlin so you may
be the last person that some of these
people speaking for that so curious is
to to oil what you hear without you know
breaking confidentiality for things that
is recording and being in line we can
have separate conversations about this
as well I just preservative privacy
keeping in mind as well that we're also
now I'm I've gone through every single
candidate for both our role and for the
file role which at the very highest
level is an extremely similar role in
the sense that you could be split file
and wherever we put ipfs in a certain
degree at least at this point um that
doesn't mean that if we get to the point
we've got a couple of people that we
really like that that's getting us
closer to hiring a five-point role which
is awesome it looks like to that is that
now that we've got help from the
recruiting team which is awesome that
does add an initial step in that process
and I've been sort of running dual duty
on the recruiter and the initial
screening at one time that does take
some of the load off of me as far as
sniffling goes and adds another layer
due diligence but it has pretty
dramatically slowed the pace in which we
are able to work since we've taken taken
that route I have not been able to speak
to any of the folks who are we gonna
number folks we scheduled for an
additional recruiting one went through
and but I haven't been able to manage
your discussion with any of them so just
that I would get just an FYI this is
this is slowing us down we need to
decide if that's what we want to keep
doing on the other hand I also don't
want to look at getting in the face and
say no thank you
because frankly it's very nice to have
an additional layer of children's yes so
so that's something that we all need to
have to think about I'm perfectly happy
new ways that we're continuing at but it
might mean that we don't have this
person all imported by the end of the
quarter it was already starting to look
a little bit like that
I also but but I also don't want to rush
into the decision just for the sake of
being able to get somebody on our books
the the interviews that all you'll have
this week may help answer that one way
or the other but it's something that we
need to keep in mind
persona stuff yeah so so as I said as
far as it all trying I'm gonna suggest
that we table that for this week see how
we feel this time next week and see you
see if it's something that we want to
change our first two weeks time for
saddle we're meeting on Tuesday where we
went through the draft I've had a lot of
really good conversation about it the
challenge everybody was pleased out of
your comments and the mural document by
roughly the end of Wednesday I know
Terry's been through it I know mom we've
been through it I'm not sure I keep its
really they think you've been pretty
much the crisp top that's been a huge
effort I think request is just um please
go through and your feedback on
Wednesday so that you know I've been
incorporating known as I go along
resolving keys
the plan is to is to do two things
follow up with some of our quiz testers
we spoke to you last week all of them
were willing to have further
conversations with us which is wonderful
just a series of one-on-one
conversations but we will actually
person see what they are you know how
they feel about the line that was one or
more the roles and use that as a
baseline exercise plus I've also been
talking to Dan shields in Denver and
we're gonna do probably a combination of
a day-long open-access discussion about
person a as well as he's gonna host and
ifs Colorado you know in Boulder and
October that was the next date he was
able to do is something like October 6
thing
moreover um that's going to be prefaced
by Rico working technically we need to
sort out the budget that's a discussion
that I need to have to see what we can
budget in because your degree would be
subsidizing Necco working for folks so
people who want to take part in that
coming to work at Boulder Peregrine's
for a day and then help seconded and
sitting with us and have a discussion
about the persona I could actually be
usually found evil I just need to figure
out the best way to approach the
budgeting situation for that I need to
have a college half of them but still so
that's cool you know we're still even
even though that that in October I think
that still has helped us out as far as
okay are wise we will have completed
what we said we would complete which is
a batch offense which would be this this
quiz testers that I'll follow up on
before the end of the quarter so that
does overlap into some of the work for
presenting for for q4 which is which is
grades that mean we're already certified
continuing on tactical hot fixes this is
entirely on my head and I'm not quite
sure how to resolve this at this point
we did ship a whole bunch of the right
if you if you go through if you go
through the Sun hub board we did ship a
rather large variety of protocol fixes
not all of them are hot fixes but one of
them are sort of certain minor
incremental changes and advances Diego's
departure since Terry shepherded those
I'm afraid I can't go too deep into
exactly what was done for each of them
but they they scramble super hard last
week to get that done and the remainder
of our team was distracted because we
all huddled are like Chris testing and
implementation not pretty much killed
everybody
which was great because we got a lot
time but to be completely honest about
it we need to do better at maintaining
our original pace of hotfixes even
though we've lost a third of our team
members that's going to be the that is
the metric by which the communities is
getting benefit from what we're doing
the strategic stuff that we're working
on is just fine but even though we've
lost a third of our team we need to be
maintaining the original cases hotfixes
anything less than that just isn't good
enough and that is entirely on my head
because I have not you know we had a
list of these things that Porsche was
accumulating as she was doing her
content on it and those were the ones
that were the low-hanging fruit they
were the ones that were easy to fix for
work very rewarding to fix I need to go
through and look at what she's put
together and I need to be prioritizing
those and I need to be putting those
into github issues that the remaining
four of us can execute on and I have not
done that because I have been busy with
other things honestly I think what that
means is is going to be second shift
until that guy's fixed or it doesn't get
fixed and we need to make that position
so either that's something that I need
to somehow create time for or or it
doesn't get done and considering that
this is the that this is the work that
the public sees I think it's it's you
know it's important that that gets taken
care of
yeah I think especially because the the
docs repo has been getting more
attention from folks in the community
now that there's been more progress and
I think people are also kind of excited
as some place where there's not a
super-high intense bar of contribution
where you know great you need to be a
distributed systems programmer with X
many you know experiences building file
systems blah blah blah and so to the
extent that maybe it's possible to
create an issue for the task of looking
through this and trying to prioritize
like maybe there are ways to to try and
utilize some of the people who would
otherwise be excited I know some folks
in the protocol side of things are
looking for ways that they they can get
involved and so I guess that's that's
definitely a good approach
sort of sort of my devil's advocate
ischium on that is that I know we do
have and one of the things that we did
right off the bat was go through all of
the existing open issues and label
anything that would be sort of you know
not a little barn entry that's something
that you don't have to be super deep in
the system to be able to commute to
there are a number of open issues that
are open to community contribution
effort you know we're not just thing
like no no you we don't have anything to
do it for you until this task I mean
there's definitely there's definitely a
lot of folks who contribute to should
they wish but I I'm thinking I'm
thinking more you know we were we were
very very diligent about being able to
not have some of the very small sorry
Hewitt related code changes things like
this like oh no here's here's the set of
checklist here some broken links push
you did a wonderful job at addressing
whole bunch of those and we got a bunch
of them look through I think but what
we're when I'm a little bit more
concerned about is going through what
we've got and putting together you know
honestly the beginning of an
architectural plan that we can then
separate out into more topical tasks
like split this thing into these two
things or or create a table of contents
emphasizing work that hasn't been done
yet and while we have a whole bunch of
work that has a bunch of explainer
soliciting help on so forth it's gonna
take a little bit more of a of a
strategic examination of the audit
material the portions together and
frankly it's just not something that
I've been able to do yet I know Eric you
and I were talking about maybe is not
something that you know you have to have
like some sort of information architects
superpowers to do but it's just I think
it's something that if you know one
person or ideally two or three people
could just huddle on for a week
ideally even you know like in a perfect
world in a perfect world this is
something that's right for real-time
collaboration I think we get a lot done
and I know Eric and I have been kicking
around the idea
maybe actually meeting up in person and
knocking this work out but whether or
not that's viable is kind of a different
question
so so yeah I'll keep on that but it's
something it's something I feel that you
know that I need to prioritize and if
that mean night if that's my second
shift for a while then that's my second
shift moving on Eric do you want to talk
about the front page quiz work since you
shepherded a lot of lists there's a
there's a lot that's that's gone on here
and probably um maybe to add some notes
to this document as well sure we yeah we
had a quick round of of use usability
tests of course it was largely internal
all that we had was two participants
from the community or when we did have
one who did - we had three who signed up
one who did not show only one no-show
and in a round of testing is pretty damn
good
I think but we we had some good
learnings that were able to that at
least gave us some good fodder to you
know to to discuss which Chris and and
Jessica and I did in short order and
then they those notions were implemented
or acted upon quickly and I asked should
we you know that Chris has to push it it
looks like Chris does push no I can't
you Chris has merged to master for the
so I don't know if anyone has that
running locally but if you want to
relinquish the share I will just quickly
know where we are and thank you very
much
[Music]
so we laid it on you know that the two
buttons this being literally how it
works literally taken from the from the
header on the page but this is this is
very similar to what we had we kept to
get started
although it might be a bit of an over
promise in terms of you know some of
this is not immediately actionable we do
want to you know ipfs is indeed you know
we want to put it out there something
that can be used and should be used
right now especially for
forward-thinking you know people who
want to help make this new internet so
we simplified the selection we removed
the just the basic learn more and we
figure that most of these people will go
to the how it works and so as we're
tracking both of these buttons that will
give us some insight as to who is really
a very basic has a very basic interest
in ipfs and really kind of not ready to
explore in any kind of immediate way I
don't know I won't walk through
everything because we're running short
on time but I'll throw the things we did
were to remove the pull the the sub
heads into the meat out of out of the
overview and into the actual expanded
accordion in order to get an easier scan
out of things and yeah it'll be really
interesting to to see what people drive
into the something else we initially
wanted to do like a an open form
feedback but a couple technically that
would be a little iffy and for now you
know just in terms of overhead dealing
with that right now we're just gonna
track how many people click on something
else and then follow up from there
there's a couple of reasons justjust
because of how the site is published
yeah there doesn't exist a mechanism for
including an open-ended form considering
very very significant changes real soon
now what Chris has done with the metrics
is set up a sort of miniature funnel
with this as it were you know we we are
aware and and some of this was confirmed
in our in-person testing that these
links themselves are not an ideal finish
estate you know in a deal finished state
we're offering very very good parted out
means of an end in here
what this is is about getting baseline
metrics in place which Chris has
outlined in the test plan which is
linked to in the in the meeting notes as
to you this is going to help us
prioritize the sorts of documentation
that people are going to be looking for
first so using this in conjunction with
the information that we come up with in
the content on it and just our overall
strategic approach this is this is gonna
help us prioritize the documentation
that we write and produce and improve
first we also this also gives us this
first two buttons at the very top give
us an initial branch of people who give
the depth to which they want to learn
about idea passive you learn more versus
get started folks that's helping us
really just have an initial inventory of
the sorts of branching that we want to
do this is going to help us zoom in a
little bit harder on whether our
personas are effective and what aspects
of which personas we also want to
include as we as we can get new things
that said we also and and Eric is
writing a test result summary we sort of
divided and conquered on this I I'm went
through the results it did a whole bunch
of implementation in the code wish Chris
then cleaned up and fixed for me and
then we spent we spent a lot of time on
Friday
walking for our motivations for acting
on on all of the test feedback so while
I was doing that so Eric's been working
on actually putting together a summary
of what we learned other than just
flat-out implementing it um and then
because a lot of things we learned you
know flat-out weren't related to this
quiz ever in itself but related to the
front page of Io itself those are going
to be invaluable as we started thinking
about changes that we want to make to
this page overall so we got a whole lot
of really good data out of it as well as
just some functional feedback about how
we want to do this sort of moderated
usability testing in general in the
future so yes yeah because many of these
folks all of these folks or most of them
were very familiar with ipfs and so you
know they have ideas and so we don't
want to just shut them off and say no no
no does it look like something you can
click that also that also hugely
underscored a lot of the things that
we're learning from a variety of angles
about the importance of what I've been
kind of calling quasi case studies and
our approach to that level of real goal
based depth of integration tutorial
stuff and and and that that was hugely
not lying well I'm thinking a little bit
deeper than that that said we are
running out of time the final agenda I'm
critical updates tearing a year did an
amazing job of pushing a ton of stuff
out before we lost Diego but um it
remains to be seen how we move forward
in that sense I will kill off this
recording and let us all have the
remainder of our day back unless anyone
else has anything at this point all
right thank you so much everybody for
your time I will upload this to YouTube
ASAP and we'll go from there thank you
so much